Uv feature tykky (#2995)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/computing/containers/tykky.md

conda-containerize new --mamba --prefix <install_dir> env.yml
```

### Add additional packages with pip or uv

To install some additional pip packages, add the `-r <req_file>` argument, e.g.:

```bash
conda-containerize new -r req.txt --prefix <install_dir> env.yml
```

By default, pip is used to install the dependencies. Additionally, using the '--uv' flag

> together with the '--mamba' flag enables faster installation. The corresponding env.yml file must also include uv.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, pip is used to install the dependencies. Additionally, using the `--uv` flag
together with the `--mamba` flag enables faster installation. The corresponding `env.yml` file must also include the `uv` package manager.
```

- Use backticks (`) rather than single quotes ('), so that it will be rendered with a monospaced ("code") font by Markdown.

where `req.txt` is a standard pip requirements file. The notes and options for
modifying a Conda installation apply here as well.

Alternatively, uv can be used to manage the Python installations by passing a '--uv' flag. Packages listed in 

> the requirements file will then be installed using 'uv pip install', enabling faster 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, uv can be used to manage the Python installations by passing a `--uv` flag. Packages listed in 
the requirements file will then be installed using `uv pip install`, enabling faster 
```
